Fix references from develop to 8.0.x (#1509)
PrestaShop/docs: testing/ui-tests/how-to-contribute-and-create-ui-tests.md

#### Globals
This file contains all global variables that can be used in test files, pages and common tests.

The description of each variable in this file can be found in [README.md](https://github.com/PrestaShop/PrestaShop/blob/8.0.x/tests/UI/README.md).

#### Setup
[Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) gives us the possibility to load and run files before test files (with [\--file option](https://mochajs.org/#-file-filedirectoryglob)).

> We use that option to run our `setup.js` file. This file opens only one browser for the whole campaign (and not one browser per test), since we're then running each test file in its [own context](https://github.com/microsoft/playwright/blob/main/docs/src/api/class-browsercontext.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use that option to run our `setup.js` file. This file opens only one browser for the whole campaign (and not one browser per test), since we're then running each test file in its [own context](https://playwright.dev/docs/api/class-browsercontext).
```
